so  it's valentine's day  this is  one of those days that  is probably the worst in terms of  feeling alone valentines  it's all about  being alone  for me  nothing really changed did it  of course it doesn't look like i'm going  to ever get a girlfriend or even a  hookup excluding those couples  i might never get another job it's  entirely possible that i'll still be  living with my parents when i'm 40. i'll  never have peace  i'll never achieve anything i'll never  have anything  there is no progress  things haven't changed all these years  i want to run through a list of reasons  that i have  for myself  reasons to live  firstly the future  seeing what happens to the world the  world is always changing  and it's interesting to see how things  play out  the world is a different place to how it  was 30 years ago before i was born  since i'm only 27  and in another 30 years  2050 who knows  it's gonna be completely insane  there are gonna be things that we  couldn't even imagine today  technology changes might help us get by  as insults one day vr will be decent  we'll finally  have super high resolution screens i  think there's something really special  with vr even though it can't necessarily  replace  real  women  one day we might finally get the robo  waifu  like a love doll with robotics  like a love doll that can clean itself  and  move around assume the position  and do all those sorts of things  and ai that can talk to you and stuff  would be really nice too  i don't think i'll live long enough to  see the genetically engineered cat girls  but  we'll see  another reason to keep going is cops  just enjoyable things  to pass the time  entertainment  i can spend some time playing video  games  watching anime listening to music  watching netflix  i don't enjoy these things as much as i  used to  but i still do enjoy them  a little  hookers  i can keep going with hookers if i don't  find anybody i can keep going for the  rest of my life  racking up the body count  well into the thousands  it is a mildly pleasurable  like  i'm not gonna lie  these pleasures are available to me  so  why not  i could go to thailand  and have some fun  until i run out of money i could start  doing roids and become muscular  that would probably get me laid although  that would  ruin my life expectancy  i could get a foreign wife from an easy  country  and bring her back to australia  again that's pretty risky  another reason is i need to write a  manifesto first  i want to explain  if i ever did end it  like why  why i couldn't go on so people would  understand  and  that's going to take me a very long time  to complete  i haven't really had the chance to  experience  love i mean obviously i've experienced  strong feelings  for people but  but i just don't think that i can  genuinely  hope  to feel loved  in my life i'm just not attractive  enough to feel desired i'm just not  attractive enough that i could  feel like a girl desires me  because  because i'm not attractive enough to  elicit the right responses from girls  to make me feel  desired wanted valued whatever and  that's all it comes down to in the end  i'm not  attractive enough to get the outcomes i  want  and  for me  love isn't going to exist here's a new  term for us all incel yes incel which  refers to an online community of men who  complain about being involuntarily  celibate they dream of a social order  granting them access to the women of  their choice  the movement captured headlines after a  man who declared to be a follower  recently drove his car into a crowd of  pedestrians in toronto killing 10 people  eight of them women but is this group  while extremely small in number  reflective of a much larger movement  hidden just beneath the surface of  polite society  [Applause]  [Music]